Content of inspector
--------------------
    inspector_cs.sh             Czech version of the SHELL script
    inspector_cs.sh.signature   SHA256 signature for verification purposes

Configuration instructions
--------------------------
No configuration necessary.

Installation instructions
-------------------------
 1. Place the script into a directory containing binaries, e.g. /root/bin/.
 2. Recommended: Verify an authenticity of the source code. See below.
 3. Run the script.

Operating instructions
----------------------
The script will *NEVER* try to modify your server's configuration on
its own. It just gathers all necessary information and warns you about
performance, security and other issues.

A file manifest
---------------
You should check the OpenSSL signature of the corresponding
SHELL script against my public key which is to be found at
https://ca.svetdoma.cz/filip@valder_cz.pub. This 3rd party verification
provides some higher authenticity of the code. Verification example:
 1. Save the signature as inspector_cs.sh.signature.
 2. Save the pubkey as filip@valder_cz.pub.
 3. Run: openssl dgst -sha256 -verify filip@valder_cz.pub -signature \
    inspector_cs.sh.signature /root/bin/inspector_cs.sh
 4. If the output says 'Verified OK', you can run the script securely.
 5. Anytime a new version of the script comes out, download it along with
    the signature and verify it again.
 6. Hint: Import the SvetDoma.cz CA's root certificate. Apply a crontab
    for getting the script, it's signature and my pubkey. Enjoy staying
    up-to-date without any security penalty.

Copyright and licensing information
-----------------------------------
NO copyright, NO licensing, ever. Use it as you want but don't blame me
for *ANYTHING*.

Contact information
-------------------
E-mail: filip@valder.cz

Known bugs
----------
Please, report them!!!

Troubleshooting
---------------
FIRST help yourselves, THEN contact me, please.

Credits and acknowledgments
---------------------------
Open-minded people use and create open source software.

A changelog
-----------
See https://github.com/filipvalder/inspector/commits/.
